fix(PyPI): fix import module from Python (#231)
Geode-solutions/OpenGeode: upgrade-guide.md

# Upgrade Guide

## Upgrading from OpenGeode v5.x.x to v6.0.0

### Motivations

This new major release is to formalize PyPI support for OpenGeode.

### Breaking Changes

> - **CMake**: CMake minimum requirement have been upgraded to 3.14 to easy import of PyPI modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CMake**: CMake minimum requirement has been upgraded to 3.14 to ease import of PyPI modules.
```
